good junior we're all having some lunch
here some grub some good food take me
into Taylor Swift yeah he'll favorite
straight from the UK represented UK all
right there representing New York City
and battleground that's right blue
that's right got the trap jaw I got
stuck filming it's all good it's all
good yeah what dude I have news for you
man that was part of the plan go back
over there and I just talked to 175 no
just go back we have to go back replay
that you know that's right man no damn
Kindle see Kendal smart man because I I
didn't I didn't let him get it last
night I'll take up a grilled chicken
salad ranch or bleu cheese fresh chicken
caesar chicken caesar is fine yeah as
long as growth and then the Tycho like
oh God thank you hey love the shirt it's
got a sick shirt on do that everybody's
wearing something here man this is this
is our land this is our place right this
is our world everybody looks up at me
and jer got blackest night shirt
blackest night
nice nice so anyways guys we just want
to keep you guys up to date in the
community this is uh this book's channel
book nice 10 this is a bike keeping this
guy busy man he's been drinking it on
his phone the whole time so and run him
so good times man I wish y'all were here
there's a lot of community members that
are not here with us seanxlong Sharda
miss you got ya p go for instance with
geico alright thanks Alan gold
are you gonna show you shirt I got your
shirt oh man right here all right nice
check out there a dee-nice what well
it's getting weird awkward here buddy
god man come on man oh man that guy's a
character he's being he's a he's being a
funny guy there you go anyways all right
man later